Add `fragment` to YAML format (#221)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM.io: _pages/yaml-file-format.md

    </tbody></table>

    The URI that identifies the concept documented in this YAML file.
    If the YAML file also includes the key <code>fragment</code>,
    this URI should be followed by a fragment identifier when used;
    the meaning of the fragment is defined by the <code>fragment</code> entry.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    For example, if <code>uri</code> is "https://gedcom.io/terms/v7/RIN" and
    <code>fragment</code> is "Source System", then a full URI might be
    "https://gedcom.io/terms/v7/RIN#MyProgram" where the fragment identifier
    "MyProgram" indicates the source system that generated the RIN payload value.
```

    Standard structures may have an `extension tags` entry to list *fully compatible* extensions that predated the standard and can be converted to the `standard tag` without any other modification.
    For example, 7.0's `UID` structure is fully compatible with the common 5.5.1 extension identified by tag `_UID`.

-   <table><tbody>
    <tr><th>Key</th><td><code>fragment</code></td></tr>
    <tr><th>Type</th><td><code>str</code></td></tr>
    <tr><th>Required by</th><td>—</td></tr>
    <tr><th>Allowed by</th><td><code>type: uri</code></td></tr>
    </tbody></table>
    

>     When combined with the fragment identifer of a URI,
>     creates a brief name or label to show to users to describe the fragment identifier.
>     It is recommended that applications use this instead of `label` in UI elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A recommended brief name or label for a fragment identifier, to show to users. Labels are user-centric; for programmer-centric explanations of the concept, see `specification`.

Labels are short to fit in forms and other constrained-space UI elements; for more detailed text see `help text`.
```

This is not "instead of" label, it's in addition to label (every entry with a "fragment" also has a "label" too, but the UI values are different... fragment identifier vs structure payload).

I'd also change line 212 from "see `label`" to "see `label` and `fragment`".
And I'd change line 221 from
"A recommended brief name or label to show to users."
to something like
"A recommended brief name or label for a structure payload, to show to users."
